hi this is always for you I made it
fresh what is it it's everybody's let's
see how hello folks how do you like it
it doesn't mr. dill try them all right
well hmm I didn't make the tea you're
not either okay well you just said you
made it fresh ha ha ha did I say that I
meant my thing he made it mr. uh
pinky boo yes pinky Peter that is insane
don't laugh at it it's very the lack of
people
yeah that's come here on your left I
mean please not we're at the table of
tea time
right what's this it won't you
and this Oh business are you doing yes
let's Judy's gonna get all how do you
like me I like him mr. to make way for
Miss kau oh this came out how you doin
right here
right yeah I think that's love well
that's not something you see every day
of their wedding his pants if you have
yes oh yes what is wet that's gross
you're hanging on mister cold inside the
mr. to you but it scarf how are you hey
why are we having a tea party in the
bathtub because tea parties are fun
especially in that
oh there's even mine now they're talking
excluded the lion oh don't forget about
them miss do me playing Nora why are you
taking the green tea no I emptied it
well I think that take care things are
yummy candy is still be here